Feat: reduce severaty of battery dicsonnect event while profiling (#155)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

### Changed

-   Updated firmware to v1.1.1+0.
-   Disconnected battery (vBat < 1V) while profiling this will only trigger a

>     warning.

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't understand this sentence.

> -   Disconnected battery (vBat < 1V) while profiling this will only trigger a
>     warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   During profiling, when a battery is considered disconnected (vBat < 1 V), a warning is now issued instead of a terminating error.
```
